>> Brian Holt: What we're gonna do now is,
inside of details,
we have this axios.get logic.
And this is really application state,
in my opinion, right?
We're requesting something from the API,
and
then we're storing it right now
in the state of details, right?
But if we have Redux,
this is probably something that
should live inside of Redux.
The problem that we have right
now is we have no way of
achieving asynchronous Redux, right?
Now, don't get me wrong, we could still
just make the get request here, right.
And then dispatch the final action
to Redux and that's acceptable,
you could do it that way right?
But I would argue that there's
a better way to do it,
and that's for Redux making
the asynchronous request for you and
then dispatching more actions
on top of that, right?
So moving these axios request
from componentDidMount,
moving that into our action creators,
right?
That's, in my opinion that's the goal,
that's the best way to do it.
But again, if you're going to action
creators, when we're creating actions and
things that we pass into the dispatch
function, the only thing that Redux knows
how to understand right now
are synchronous objects, right?
It has to be an action with a type and
a payload.
And that's the only thing
that Redux knows how to do.
So we need to augment somehow
the abilities of Redux.
Now there are several ways to do this,
and I'm gonna show you,
I'd say one of the most common and
the most popular, which is redux-thunk.
And there are several ways to do this,
there's a redux-promise,
there's redux-observable,
there's redux-sagas.
And we can chat a little bit
about what those are, but
today we're just gonna do thunks.
And then I'll leave the more advanced use
cases for you to go discover yourself.
So what is a thunk?
The answer to that question really
is a thunk is pretty much just
a function, right?
It's just a real fancy
way of calling functions.
It's a little bit more
complicated than that.
It's a function that's going to return
to you a value that's determined at run
time, right?
So, if I say var x = 5, this is determined
already statically forever, right?
X is gonna be 5, right?
If I make it a function
that returns something,
that's going to be determined wherever
that function is called, right?
So that's what a thunk is,
it's basically deferring when you're
gonna determine what that value is.
So for us we're deferring when we're
going to create the actions until it's
asynchronous action is completed.